thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now if you
ever challenged me to a fighting game I
would likely not accept because I'm a
button masher in the hopes that
inevitably I will come across some crazy
move that will you know cause you to
lose all your energy and then I will win
that round not very good at the whole
video game thing however if you are a
fan of the fighting genre of video games
you may be interested in this
cross-platform I don't think you would
call it really it may be easier to play
the YouTube video that they have
embedded right here on their page well
let me go to youtube and actually play
it is a tool you can download from for
Mac or Windows here and what happens in
this tool is you basically you've got
this well I guess it's not exactly a
stick figure yeah it's a figure and it's
got these pivot points and then you
basically edit and create your own
fighting moves and then you fight other
people online so someone created that
move and so you create your move and
then you connect with someone else
through their service
look at this I mean it's just crazy
toribash calm tea Ori Vash calm it is a
free download and I you know in playing
with it I was really you know kind of
amazed I don't you know think I'm going
to get into it all that deeply because
I'm not a big you know fighter if they
if they make a piece version of this I'm
all about it but it is available as I
said for Windows Mac OS 10 and Linux it
is cross-platform
there is a bit of a learning curve in
terms of creating the styles and the
moves the fighting moves that you that
you care to create in fighting other
people online T Ori bas H comm free
download right there cross-platform
online fun if nothing else especially if
you're into fighting and I'd rather see
you fighting here than in real life I
must thank Robi or Robby a member of the
community here at geek Perillo comm for
making this recommendation this is
pretty unique and it's free and it's fun
for those that like to fight without
actually hurting other people that's
though because I would pray that you
would not actually act this stuff out in
real life not cool really the whole
kicking off of heads let's save that for
video game shall we my email address
Chris Parrillo comm you have another
cool recommendation to pass along feel
free to do so
I mentioned geeks.com that's where most
of us you know have been posting stuff
our thoughts audio video blog posts
forum posts whatever it's related to
geekery it's probably there then of
course we've got this chat room right
here typically talking tech 24 hours a
day seven days a week you don't believe
me
I'm serious 24 hours day it's like 1:00
in the morning that's not a joke right
there 1:00 in the morning I'm recording
this video about fighting game things
it's crazy
yes I'm about to go to sleep but for now
I'm going to end this video we're at
live Perillo calm will ya later